metros new expresslanes will operate 24
hours a day seven days a week on the
i-110 Harbor Freeway between the 91
freeway and Adams Boulevard in downtown
Los Angeles and on the i-10 El Monte
freeway between i-605 and Alameda Street
in downtown Los Angeles every motorist
using the Metro Express Lanes is always
required to have a FasTrak customers who
already have a standard fast track can
only use the Metro Express Lanes as a
toll paying customer customers who want
the option to travel as a toll paying
solo driver and/or toll free carpool er
will need a new switchable FasTrak the
new Metro Express Lanes fast track
allows motorists to indicate the number
of occupants in a vehicle a metro fast
track account can be opened in five
convenient ways online at Metro Express
Lanes net at a Metro Express Lanes
walk-in Center one location at 500 West
190 ahthe Street Gardena California nine
zero two four eight near the Harbor
Gateway Transit Center and another at
3501 Santa Anita Avenue El Monte
California nine one seven thirty one at
the new El Monte transit station by mail
by sending your application to Metro
Express Lanes
Pio box three eight seven eight Gardena
California nine zero two four seven by
calling 508 77224 six five one one if
you are outside of Los Angeles Orange
and Ventura counties if you qualify for
the Express Lanes equity plan you can
open your fast-track account at a
reduced rate by mail or at a Metro
Express Lanes walk-in Center promotional
discounts are offered by triple a triple
a calm forward slash Metro Express Lanes
for details and applications please
visit Metro Express Lanes net convenient
fast-track access and promotional
discounts mean more choices and more
rewards for you it's about time
you